Sara/quickfix/semgrep ci without app (#673)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/contributing/semgrep-contributing.md

## Adding python packages to `semgrep`

> Semgrep uses `mypy` to do static type-checking of its python code. Therefore, when adding a new python package, you also need to add typing stubs for that package. This can be done in three steps. For example, suppose you would like to add the package `pyyaml` to Semgrep.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Semgrep uses `mypy` to do static type-checking of its Python code. Therefore, when adding a new Python package, you also need to add typing stubs for that package. This can be done in three steps. For example, suppose you would like to add the package `pyyaml` to Semgrep.
```

Install the corresponding package with typing stubs. For our `pyyaml` example, the corresponding package is `types-pyyaml`.

```
pipenv install --dev types-pyyaml
```

> Here we use --dev to specify that this package is needed for development but not in production. This command updates `cli/Pipfile` with the typing stubs package, and adds both the typing stubs and the package itself to your `Pipfile.lock`. This allows you to import the package in your code. For example, `import yaml as pyyaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here `--dev` specifies that this package is needed for development but not in production. This command updates `cli/Pipfile` with the typing stubs package, and adds both the typing stubs and the package itself to your `Pipfile.lock`. This allows you to import the package in your code. For example, `import yaml as pyyaml`.
```
